Syed Hadi Raza :
If i have time in my life and get the opportunity 
to develop the game in my life so i would like to
develop the game like PUB-G , Counter Strike because many people around
World from different fields are looking for such a
Stress buster in their life and in the world of 
Internet , people dont have much time to meet their friends specially 
with those who are very far from them so they looks for video 
games in which they can play with their friends while sitting in 
their home and can chat with them so they can keep themselves fresh and
they can also connect with other unknown people so,
There would be  new experience to interact and know 
about other people around the world.

Daniyal jawed:
If i have time in my life and get the opportunity 
to develop the game in my life so i would like to
develop the game like players unknown battleground
or like couter strike because many people around
World from different fields are looking for such a
Stress buster in their life and in the world of 
Internet though this type of games we can spend some 
Quality time with our friends and from those people
Which live so far so its impossible to meet them and 
There would be  new experience to interact and know 
about other people around the world.


Muhammad Talha Aziz: 
Whenever i have time to develop any game in my life i 
love do built any fighting game like Pub-G, counter 
strike and like street fighter. I like these type of games
Because we i think everybody needs to play that type 
Of games build there gaming careers from this type of games
Our new generation also taking interest to buit there 
Gaming skills from Dot 2, or IGI 3. So i personally think
I'm enjoying this game development process.

Saif Ali Khan: 
 I want  built  strategy and adventure game like consist 
of quiz game and having different goal. Character student, 
achievement degree and different level. I like these type of 
games Because  i think that student more prepare and gets more 
skills about degree . Each level have MCQ's , code maping
, code placing on write place and find error in code with logic building .
Student must to play that type  Of games build to select singal path way
with clearance specially for CS student. There gaming careers from this 
type of games Our new generation also taking interest. So i personally
think I'm enjoying this game development process
